       User's Guide of EOS code GUI 
                  ---

This GUI is connected to the EOS Component.


1) Defining thermodynamic functions :

   A function is defined by :
   - a fluid,
   - a Thermodynamic Model (e.g. Cathare2, Refprop),
   - an Equation of Fluid,
   - a thermodynamic input properties :
     . a first input property and its range,
       for saturation and 2D diagram calculations
     . a second input property and its range
       for 2D diagram calculation
   - a thermodynamic output property to calculate,
     without derivation : No
     or with derivation : d.../dp, d.../dh).
     ! saturated properties are only derived in pressure

   ! Cathare Mixtures are not implemented.

   All properties values are given in I.S.U.

   Once a function is defined, it can be added (Add button).

   Defined functions can be deleted (Delete button).

   Defined functions can be redefined (Redefine button).
 
   Informations about the functions are available by 
   selecting one function in the list and pushing the
   "Thermodynamic functions informations" button.

2) Select thermodynamic functions :

   To select a function, click on the corresponding line 
   in the list.
   The line of a selected function is colored.
   To unselect a function, click again on the corresponding
   line in the list. 
   All the selected functions will be processed
   using the GO button, but
   only one function can be selected for a 3D plot.
    

3) Use the GO button to compute the selected thermodynamic 
   functions and plot, print or write to a file the result.
   Writen data files are two columns files (2D plot)
   or three columns files (3D plot) that can be processed by 
   a lot of "XY" plotters. The names of the files are
   eoscrb1.data,  eoscrb2.data, etc...

   For 3D plots, a MED file is written. It contains the
   MED equivalent of the three columns file : a structured
   mesh (X and Y) and a field (Z).
   The name of the MED files is eoscrb1.med, eoscrb2.med, etc...

   With the plot option a postscript file is also created
   whose name is eosplot1.ps, eosplot2.ps, etc...

4) 3D plot :
 
   - the range of the second parameter must be defined,
   - the plot can be moved (turning and zooming) with the mouse,
   - the plot window is closed by an "enter" action
     inside the shell where the GUI as been started,
     you must do this action to get the GUI active,
   - a MED file is written (see 3).

5) Managing the opened windows :
   
   Help, print, error and 2D plot windows are 
   persistent and live independently of the main
   GUI. They should be closed by the user.  

   Due to interactive facilities, 3D plot windows
   stop the main GUI interaction as long as they are
   opened. To get back to the main GUI, close them as
   indicated in 4).   

6) Managing generated files :
   *.ps, *.data and *.med files are created during the use
   of the EOS GUI. In order to keep them, their names are
   different of the ones that already exist.
   It is possible to remove some of this files using the
   GUI opened with the "File Manager" button. 

The user input data are saved in the
file eosGUI.save when leaving the
EOS GUI using the QUIT button, and they
are restored when starting the EOS GUI.
